The test set has a lot more insults with a 50/50 split, while the training set has some insults and many clearly non-insults (25/75 split). 


Review of train set quality (4% error)
------------------------------------------------------
" Yep ! You responded as anticipated : An 8 year old child that is looking for recognition among his peers . You are angry and it shows , little girl . Good ! I am getting to you . " :: 0
" Oooh--Breitbart . com . Then it MUST be true ! " :: 0


" I'm the same way . I am terrified of doing my own brows . I've seen way to many ladies w . fucked up eyebrows to go down that path . " :: 0
" That is totally correct . Hitler could never have done what he did without the approvel of most of most Germans . " :: 0
" Wikipedia is an example of the " dumbing down " of our culture , aided and abetted by the internet . Almost any nonsense can be posted on the internet , including Wikipedia . " :: 0
" You are welcome :) " :: 0
" This place will become another millenium dome .. spurs are not a big enough club for this sort of stadium ... Its got ' failure as a football stadium and thus becomes a concert arena to pay the bills ' written all over it .. and the funny thing is .. who the hell will travel to Tottenham for a concert ? ? . There will be a big white elephant in tottenham to replace the rusty chicken .. hahahahahaha " :: 0
" Worry about your current opponent ... " :: 0
" We unfortunate not to win this game , after dominating QPR in the second half ! Saying that another home game passes without a win . Not good enough Villa ! On paper it's a poor result . McLeish continues to make poor choices with his squad . Warnock has been poor all season and Hutton is not good enough ! We have major problems at the back and yet we see another transfer window come and go with no signings to improve our squad ! I have serious questions over Lerner too at this point ! What on earth is going on ! ? " :: 0
" Fuck the kid , lets get the narrator from bastion . Also , he narrates the movie . " :: 0
" I never said " what works for the baby . " I said what works for the mother in terms of her health conditions . And her ability to labor and deliver safely . \ r \ r No one wants to kill babies or mothers . Not ever careless Obs . " :: 0
" Didn't know , but then again I don't care " :: 0
" The Keynsian economiic imperatives are obvious to almost all economists and the vast majority of lay persons who have read an introduction to economics course . However , the plutocrats who make the decisions have material self-interests that are inconsistent with the general prosperity . For example , corporations owned by the plutocrats are acquiring foreclosed and distressed real estate all over the globe for small fractions of their former prices . Also , the corporate plutocrats are breaking the already fractured bones of organized labor everywhere from Wisconsin , to Canada to Greece . Sadly , the plutocrats and their authoritarian allies in the clergy have so successfully degraded public education that there now are hundreds of millions of devotedly ignorant and sanctimoniously stupid voters who sincerely believe it is more important to keep homosexuals from kissing than it is to feed the world's children . Democracy is dying all over the globe and soon we will revisit the desperately hate-driven politics of the 1920s and 1930s . " :: 0
" Yeah but we love a good smack down " :: 0
" Tell you what Fwd , why don't you read Dreams of my father , his book . That way you can really understand the guy you are supporting . It sure is not the same one the Left Lap Dog Media is telling you about . " :: 0
" Boo ! ! ! Mark Zuckenberg ; you are a criminal . You will face your crimes , or face the penalties of you criminal behavior / thinking on Facebook . " :: 0
" Uh , if the autopsy plus the exam of the girl prove that he WAS raping the daughter , then he was caught red-handed , which doesn't fall under the category " innocent until proven guilty . " If you wouldn't do the same thing in that father's shoes , then you don't have children . " :: 0
" You are FINALLY starting to talk like a real guru . " :: 0
" romney would buy it to bankrupt it " :: 0
" A crazy muthafucka named Gusto ! I fucked ya wife cuz the bitch is a big ho ! I fucked ya sister , I fucked ya cat ! I woulda fucked ya mom , but the bitch is too fat ! That shit was way funnier than it had any right to be . " :: 1
" Holy shit , you're right ! " :: 0
" I am taking off for a while . Find you later on bud . " :: 0
" We don't blow up our wives and children in the name a allah , nor did we murder 400,000 in Darfur . Lets not compare apples and oranges . \ \ xc2 \ " :: 0
" You are right " :: 0
" <USER> Shut the fuck up - _ - so where do you shop your clothes k-mart ? if you dont your a sucker for clothes brand like Hollister or American eagle or some skater brand Go kill yourself Your ignorant " :: 1
" Totally agree on the Mamamia thing ... not specifically re baby bodies , but I just feel like everything on there seems quite judgy / one sided these days . Too many cat fights in the comments as well . I really am going to miss your posts but I am SO happy for you and your new writing journey ! You're going to rock the shit out of it , I'm sure xxx " :: 0
" <USER> <USER> See just like I said - someone has to fucking score . " :: 0
" Mine too . So I just assume all the time over what it was . Most of the time , they are correct assumptions . " :: 0
" Excellent comments , my thoughts entirely . " :: 0
" You can't sing , and you can't pray but you can wahoo it up over gay rape .. just plain fuck liberals .. all of them .. and knock the dog shit out of them first if you are so inclineds . " :: 1
" <USER> Good . Actually , really good . And it's good to know that I remind you of the Delta , hahahaha . How's it with you ? Are you still early morning cblogging with Dap ? " :: 0
" That's why the MORE non-whites we let in OUR country , the more voting / politics / best interests of OUR country get biased / put aside . No matter WHAT , non-whites ( and whites like us ) will ALWAYS utilize group think . Us VS . Them / Us . OR . Them . No matter what ! We are screwed . People don't think about these problems when discussing demographic change . It's not black and white ( no pun intended ) like most people perceive it to be . Most people think it will go one of two ways , good , or very bad . There is VAST amounts of grey area . Very complex cause and effect deals . " :: 0
" Dimwits . They prevent Eric Holder from stopping the guns getting sold in massive quantities to people about to go into Mexico , and then they get all apoplectic . Where did Monica Lewinsky's dress go - are they sniffing it before their tirades so they can psyche themselves up ? " :: 0
" Come back when you are out of puberty . " :: 1
" I think you're making a fairly common mistake in assuming anyone who doesn't vote Conservative is " progressive " . Most of the Labour heartland up here in the North is deeply conservative in attitudes towards benefits , immigration , Europe and many other things , but the Tory Party are badly damaged goods here . Labour just put the frighteners on the voters by saying " vote for us or the Tories get in again " . If the Tory party implodes and is no longer there to be used as a threat , Labour will not last much longer . " :: 0
" They are weak . They have tons of ammunition and use none of it . " :: 0
" All I see in these comments is niggas bitching more then biggest bitches i know .. " :: 1
" Why does your profile say " Corrupt Media " ? And yet you post under Fredddd . " :: 0
" <USER> okay the delorean is broken anyway " :: 0
" It's just you smelling your armpits again . GO back to your nails " :: 1
" ypu do realize you just called your mom a whore ... " :: 0
" Dude , if you change you username to specify against someone then you're a butthurt fag " :: 1
" Obama's econimic plan BS ! ! ! " :: 0
" aww , poor baby I think you're just jealous because you spent your spring break at the pond in te back of the trailer park with the other idiot rednecks " :: 1
" Gay . Douch'e turd fuck . " :: 1
" If he comes back , we continue . :) " :: 0
" Let BaseGod fuck your bith man ... Let him purge you of that Hate . " :: 1
" " I feel sorry for other grandparents that didnt have love and respect of their grandchildren . " - - - Hold it right there , grandma . Is a hug " love , " or is it " respect " ? A child can show you proper respect without hugging you . Your inability to discern the distinction between the two is what's holding you back from understanding this column . " :: 0
" So beautiful , you and your little gal crocheting together . Her work is perfect , and I know you are just shining , inside and out . :) " :: 0
" <USER> Nobody likes the messenger . " :: 0







Review of test quality

They say the labels correspond to insults directed at people in the conversation, but in this case 10-20% of the comments are mislabeled
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

" SUCK THE DICK , HEAT FANS <B> SUCK THE DICK HEAT FATS </B> SUCK THE DICK HEAT FANS " :: 1
" That fatass goober let a rapist out of prison so he could rape again , and this time murder all of the witnesses . Fuck you Huckabee . " :: 1
" Are you a registered massage therapist ? " :: 0
" You're full of logical fallacy . " :: 0
" Why don't you go out and look for a job ? " :: 0
" You never go full retard . " :: 1

" shit was funny as hell blackman's the shit fuck all you haters " :: 1

" This shit was fuck trashhhhh " :: 0

" I agree . Kids don't need facebook in the first place . If you decide to give your kids uninhibited access to the internet / facebook despite the dangers they face , when an obvious bad situation arises - like your kid is suicidal because of fucking facebook drama - get rid of it ! If that means no internet in the house and no cell phone for the kid , all the better . I can't imagine being such an idiot that I think it is acceptable to let my kid keep a facebook account and repeatedly undergo this to the point that she's suicidal , and then compound that idiocy by attacking the dumb kid who talked some shit . Actually , I ' m glad this moron chose that route , now she will probably never be a nurse and I don't have to worry about ever falling under her idiotic care ! " :: 0
" What is your problem . Think you are better than serving military personel ? " :: 1


" For you Alicia " :: 0
" Like your mom ? " :: 1
" You are really doing nice work ... Hats off ... " :: 0
" GOFUCKYOURSELF " :: 1
" You're just like Mitt Flopney . " :: 1
" You're full of logical fallacy . " :: 0

" Irrevelant indeed . But you are underestimating Alex . " :: 0
" <USER> - how bout not i do what i want to do you know im right thats why you had nothing to say about it so just crowl back to your little hole and shut the f up okay " :: 1
" Mitt's taxes is NOTHING BUT A DISTRACTION FROM THE FAILURE OF obama . obama failed . obama failed obama failed obama failed FOUR YEARS is enough . " :: 0
" Are you like 4 ? That's my only explanation " :: 1
" You're a moron . " :: 1
" I don't know about that but at the VFW they do . Also , at my favorite watering hole at the top the mountain , they do as well . When can I expect your show ? Please , remember one of the major failings of many are to keep their elbows in close as well as their front knee well bent . It gets ugly when one has open access to the a sternum in the center or a quick kick to disable an exposed leg . What normally happens is the receiver is on the ground after the first thrust and rather sad , given their cries . Please , keep that attention in mind . I would hate for someone as fine as you to fall immediate victim to such easy shots . Oh , and I'm still looking for your request for an invitation . I have it ready once I know where to send it . " :: 0
" You're an idiot " :: 1
" YOUR MOTHER PUSSY ! " :: 1
" I agree with u if u can't stand by your words then why should anyone listen to them in your raps even if u say dumd shit like u said at least stand by it " :: 0
" But your still a LOSER TROLL ! " :: 1
" always nice blond uk girls and some tanned guy from the south europe man they south euros have all the fun and dont even talk about porn its all tanned guys with uk girls man its fucking not right " :: 0
" Because racism shouldn't be exposed ? or because you are living in the past and are racist yourself ? " :: 1
" USA wins again by a mile . And before u throw us under the bus just remember who most of these countries turn to when shit hits the fan . We'll get our shit together eventually . Obama 2012 " :: 0
" You remind me of a meme like IS A GIRL * your face * CAN'T HAVE BOOBIES like damn " :: 1
" Apparently , bad officiating never gets old to you morons . " :: 1
" And stop copying and pasting to your own comment to get it to the top , you are truley a self-important little smug peddler of the Left ... " :: 1
" Cricket , you're being taken for a ride by your " party " " :: 0
" Still not as good as ours were " :: 0
" NAHH I AM NOT LIKE THIS YOU'RE JUST PUSSY ASS CRACKER ... STFU FAG ! " :: 1
" The Knicks ? WTF are you smoking " :: 1
" I'm with you there . There never pull guns on CEOs . " :: 0
" My , you seem like an intellectual giant ! " :: 1
" You've got great taste ! " :: 0
" You and your bud are big talkers . I've met your kind many times and you are useless when and where it really counts . " :: 1
" OMFG I HAVE SEEN IT ON TV ! ! THOSE POSSITIONS OMG OMFG I WILL DO ANYTHING TO BE TRAINED PERSONALLY BY MY ULTIMATE BIAS OH DEAR FUCKING INDEED FUCKING GOD ! ! ! " :: 0
" Your cute boys must giggle all through lunch . These are hilarious ! " :: 0
" The point is in response to your comment " shouldn't even have a computer entrusted to them " <--- like a computer is some kind of hi tech . " :: 0
" Get Your Wings was so much better . " :: 0
" <USER> Snyder this would be perfect for your kitty ! ! " :: 0
" 5 or 6 ... what are you picking " :: 0
" Oh , and you always lie and say really stupid stuff that isn't even close to being correct , then you deny it . And you flag me and get me banned . " :: 1
" so now you denying your an eagles fan ? Right you talk about Jae as some fake when you should look in the mirror at the trailer trash you are . " :: 1
" That's not her you're watching . " :: 0
" You weak ass bitch " :: 1
" Are you " slow " joe ? He said average playoff game . " :: 1